we live in a digital economy or at least
you do
your teen is in their own weird limbo
economy
using a combo of cash and your card
blocked from learning how money actually
works
and schools aren't teaching personal
finance they're drilling the same things
they've taught for decades
but teens are on a different level now
they're making social change
they're fighting the climate crisis
they're building brands from their rooms
they're budding entrepreneurs who still
need you to cash grandma's birthday
check
copper can help your team get ready for
the real world by developing
smart money habits the copper app and
debit card teach saving
spending and budgeting by guiding teens
through it
habit forming tools like goal setting
and automatic saving
help teams make smart decisions on their
own while your connected copper app lets
you keep an eye on their money habits
your team's copper debit card and fdic
and short deposits
let them shop in store online and use
apple pay
they can request or send money to family
and friends
so you're just to tap away from saying
yes to 20 bucks
no more lending out your card or pulling
out cash
built by financial literacy experts
armed with behavioral science
copper works because it's learning minus
the boring
you're not in this alone we've got you
take a few minutes to open a copper
account with your team
[Music]
you